#Packages to check:
- concurrently (https://www.npmjs.com/package/concurrently) - run multiple commands concurrently

#Plugins:
- mini-html-webpack-plugin - generate an HTML entry point to your application
- html-webpack-plugin - as above
- webpack-plugin-serve
    - webpack-plugin-ramdisk - just to know it write to ram
    - If you use Safari, you may have to set host: "127.0.0.1", for WebpackPluginServe for live reloading to work.
- webpack-add-dependency-plugin - used to watch other files then generated by mini-html-webpack-plugin 

##More:
- webpack-dev-server 
-- devServer.historyApiFallback should be set if you rely on HTML5 History API based routing.
-- devServer.contentBase - Assuming you don't generate index.html dynamically and prefer to maintain it yourself in a specific directory, you need to point WDS to it. contentBase accepts either a path (e.g., "build") or an array of paths (e.g., ["build", "images"]). The value defaults to the project root.
-- devServer.proxy - If you are using multiple servers, you have to proxy WDS to them. The proxy setting accepts an object of proxy mappings (e.g., { "/api": "http://localhost:3000/api" }) that resolve matching queries to another server. Proxying is disabled by default.
-- devServer.headers - Attach custom headers to your requests here.

- webpack-notifier
- webpack-merge - for config mergeing (simple)
- webpack-chain - provides a fluent API for configuring webpack allowing you to avoid configuration shape-related problems while enabling composition


Warnings:
- Webpack does not set global NODE_ENV based on mode by default. If you have any external tooling, such as Babel, relying on it, make sure to set it explicitly. To do this, set process.env.NODE_ENV = mode; within getConfig.

TODO:
- WPS disconnets WebSocket (disabling live reloads to browser) after new webpack runtime - check things out
- SurviveJS - Maintenance https://survivejs.com/maintenance/ - check this out